Delete user support for GA (#1027)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/google-analytics-ga.mdx

- **Use Google AMP Client ID**: Enable this setting to uniquely identify users who engage with your content on AMP and non-AMP pages. Refer to the [Google Analytics session unification for AMP](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7486764?hl=en&ref_topic=7378717#zippy=%2Cin-this-article) guide for more information. 
- **OneTrust Cookie Categories**: If **Use device-mode to send events** is enabled, this setting lets you associate <Link to="/sources/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/consent-managers/onetrust/">OneTrust</Link> cookie consent groups to Google Analytics.

> - **User deletion**: Use this setting to add and authenticate an account which will be used to delete users in Google Analytics. Refer to the <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/google-analytics-ga/#deleting-a-user">Deleting a user</Link> section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **User deletion**: Use this setting to add and authenticate an account used to delete users in Google Analytics. Refer to the <Link to="/destinations/streaming-destinations/google-analytics-ga/#deleting-a-user">Deleting a user</Link> section for more information.
```

You can call `identify` once in order to set the `userId` and `user traits`for all subsequent calls that you make from our SDK for a particular user. If `userId` is not set, RudderStack sends a generated ID \(called `anonymousId`\) from its SDKs with every call made to the RudderStack servers. This `id` is used as the `cid` in Google Analytics. And if **Send User ID to GA** setting is enabled, the user ID property will be set as `uid` and will be sent as well.

### Deleting a user

<div class="warningBlock">
This feature is available only for the RudderStack <a href="https://rudderstack.com/enterprise-quote">Enterprise plan</a> users.
</div>

To [delete a user in Google Analytics](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/config/userdeletion/v3), first [authenticate your Google account](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/config/userdeletion/v3/authorization) in the RudderStack dashboard by following the below steps:

1. Click **Create Account** in the **User Deletion** section, as shown:

<img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/user-deletion.png" alt="User deletion" />

> 2. Select **Sign in with Google** from the modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From the modal, click the **Sign in with Google** button.
```

3. Choose the required account and grant RudderStack the required permissions. 

<div class="infoBlock">

> If your account authentication fails, you can refer to these steps for <a href="https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/config/userdeletion/v3/authorization#troubleshooting">Troubleshooting</a> the root cause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your account authentication fails, you can refer to these <a href="https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/config/userdeletion/v3/authorization#troubleshooting">troubleshooting steps</a> for identifying and fixing the root cause.
```

</div>

4. Click **Save** to connect the specified account to delete users in Google Analytics, as shown:

<img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/account-connect.png" alt="User deletion" />

<div class="infoBlock">

> In case you have authenticated multiple accounts, you can click <strong>Edit Credentials</strong> to select/delete any other authenticated account, as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you have authenticated multiple accounts, you can click <strong>Edit Credentials</strong> to select or delete any other authenticated account, as shown:
```

<br/><br/>

<img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/edit-account-creds.png" alt="User deletion" />

> RudderStack will <strong>throw an error</strong> if you try to delete an account which is being used by any other connection set up for the same destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack <strong>gives an error</strong> if you try to delete an account used by any other connection set up for the same destination.
```

</div>

After authenticating your account in the RudderStack dashboard, you can delete a user in Google Analytics using the <Link to="/api/data-regulation-api/#adding-a-suppression-with-delete-regulation">Suppression with Delete regulation</Link> of the RudderStack <Link to="/api/data-regulation-api/">Data Regulation API</Link>.

<div class="infoBlock">

> To delete a user, you must specify their <code class="inline-code">userId</code> in the event. Additionally, you can specify a custom identifier (optional) in the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a user, you must specify their <code class="inline-code">userId</code> in the event. Additionally, you can specify a custom identifier(optional) in the event.
```

</div>

A sample regulation request body for deleting a user in Google Analytics is shown below:

```json
{
  "regulationType": "suppress_with_delete",
  "destinationIds": [
    "2FIKkByqn37FhzczP23eZmURciA"
  ],
  "users": [{
    "userId": "1hKOmRA4GRlm",
    "<customKey>": "<customValue>"
  }]
}
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> Refer to the <a href="https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/config/userdeletion/v3/limits-quotas#user_deletion_api">Limits and quotas</a> documentation for more information about the specified quotas for user deletion API requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the <a href="https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/config/userdeletion/v3/limits-quotas#user_deletion_api">Limits and quotas</a> documentation for more information about the specified quotas for the user deletion API requests.
```
